Well since the last video I've gone ahead and added a few things here I've added a ceiling and I have
added a texture to it.
I took the U-V map into Photoshop and layered a couple of different textures on top of each other to
kind of get this dirty old ceiling kind of a look.
I've also added a seamless texture to the floor and went ahead and added some texture to the doors.
Now the doors I went ahead and did like I did the walls here.
In other words I took two of these a door and a window frame combine them together arrange the U-V maps
of the U-V islands were all on the same U-V map.
And then I went ahead and textured that one U-V map to provide textures for both the window frames and
the door jamb.
So if we come over here to the U-V editing screen lay out and I will frame these up with the period
key here.
If I tab into Edit Mode save for the door frame you can see that here is the U-V map for that.
And if I tab into the U.V. map for a window frame you can see that that's where the U-V islands are
so they've been arranged once again into all one U-V map so that now even though these are different
objects in the scene and in unity they still are only pulling from one that U-V map one texture map.
So if we come over here to unity and I select one of these guys here I'll zoom into it with the F key.
And so you can see the window frame texture here.
There it is here.
And it go ahead and expand that.
So you can see that we've got both the window frame and the door jamb U-V maps all being represented
on one texture map.
Now I've also worked on the kitchen walls over here.
This center wall and the walls here in the kitchen there will be kitchen counters and other things going
on here on along the wall so we won't see a whole lot of the walls over here.
But I went ahead and did the same thing yet again for these walls and combined the U-V islands all on
to one U.V. map to make the texturing a little more efficient.
All right.
So all of these processes all of these techniques are things that we've already gone over in previous
videos.
So I didn't do anything new here per se.
Now I've still got my HDR image in here for the reflections.
You can see in there the reflections of that HDR image.
But one thing I need to do here is turn off anti-aliasing and when using an HDR image currently in unity
you do need to turn off the anti-aliasing and then re add it as an effect on the camera.
So let's just take a look at that.
Real quick.
I'll come over here to the Edit menu and come over to project settings and quality and overhear under
anti aliasing.
I'm going to go ahead and turn this off to disabled.
Now when I run the game I'm not sure that you'll be able to see this but now we have no anti-aliasing.
And if you look real close along the edges of the objects you can see a kind of jagged goodness along
the edge.
I can see it here.
I don't know if you'll be able to see it or not but it's certainly visible when you play the game.
So we don't want that.
So what we can do is add an anti-aliasing effect on the camera itself.
But what we need to do is import those effects into the standard assets folder here.
So to do that I'm going to right click in the assets folder and choose import package and you can't
really see it here let me come up.
We bring this up a little higher.
I'm going to write click here and choose import package and here you can see effects click that it's
going to think a while and you can see appear here under image effects you've got anti-aliasing here.
So this is what we want.
I'll go ahead and click Import
and now we should have within our standard assets we should have this affects folder.
And in here under image effects we should have scripts and here's our anti-aliasing script right here.
So now if we come up to player and select that main camera we can click and drag that right over here
into the inspector.
Now there isn't a whole lot we need to do with this.
It should be ok the way it is currently so I'll just hit play and let's take a look at it.
And now if we go into these edges they're a little cleaner I don't know if you can see that or not but
these edges along the coffee table are quite a bit cleaner than they were.
The next thing I want to do is get the lighting in the room a little bit better a little bit more like
we want to in the final scene.
Currently we've got this kind of wash of ambient light in the scene.
We're not able to distinguish pools of light and dark and the scene is just kind of a wash.
So to change that I'm going to come over here to the lighting tab right up here and click on that and
for the ambient intensity it's currently at one it's getting it's ambient intensity from the skybox
from that HDR image here.
So I want to just bring that down a bit make it a little bit darker in the room maybe bring that down
to say let's put it at point two.
Now we can also bring down the refl. intensity just a little bit and that will bring down the level
of the scene as well.
But I want that at least some of that reflection in there so maybe I'll take that down to like point
eight and now we can see that we've got a little bit more ability to have these pools of light and dark.
So for the point light here now I can go back to the inspector and maybe increase the intensity just
a little bit like that.
Right so we've got a little bit more of a differentiation between light and dark maybe even on this
table lamp shade.
I could increase the emission just a bit if I click and drag here I can maybe increase the emission
just a bit so it looks a little bit more like there's light coming out of that.
In addition what I can do is set up a couple of spotlights to point up and down out of the lampshade
to give it the impression that the light is on and illuminating the area around the lamp.
So let's try that.
I will come over here to the hierarchy.
Right click and I'll choose light and spotlight.
Get this in place.
I want to get this in place right inside that lamp there.
Let me switch from shaded to wireframe and over here I'll tumble and select that y axis right there
and switch from perspective to orthographic.
And now I can move that light the center of that light right in the center of the lamp right there.
All right I'll switch back from orthographic to perspective and I'll switch back to shaded.
Now let's take a look at that.
OK so I'll move this up into here and I'll expand the circle out a bit with this spot angle I can click
and drag that out some like that.
Let's say I can also turn on shadows I'll turn on the hard shadows there so you can kind of get a sense
of how it's bleeding out there.
Kind of like this with that more soft edge.
They're coming now.
And I like those shadows coming off of there.
That's nice.
And let's see what else we could do.
Let's go ahead and duplicate this and turn it upward.
This probably doesn't need to be quite so bright.
Let me before I do that I mean take this down a bit like that.
And let's also change the color some.
This is an incandescent interior bulb so it's going to be more orangey so I'll maybe change the color
just a little bit and a little bit of color can go a long way so you don't need to like crank it way
over here that looks too much so just a little bit of color on a light goes a long way.
And then we go to that.
All right so now I'm going to duplicate this self-selected over here in press control or command D.
And now I want to flip it over or I'll hit the e key to go to rotate and I'll click and drag around
that x axis and I'll go ahead and put it.
Negative 90 every go that turns it up.
And let's see if we can get this in place down a bit.
A little bit too much like that.
Let me pull it up some and then pull the angle make it a little bit bigger spot angle right here and
out a bit like that bring down some.
So we get kind of this sense that that's a light source in the room.
So let me select this one.
I want to increase the spot angle just a little bit more here and then I want to bring it down.
So there we go at something like that.
OK so now let's say this one is what you want to call this we want to call this lamp down.
And the other one is lamp up and that up there we go and this light here is going to be that bear ball
once we model that and hang this in the scene it will be a bear bulb light so I'll just call that bear
bulb.
Light.
There we go.
I'll drag this down here and let's begin grouping these objects together.
Now just to clean up the hierarchy a bit.
Now down here in the assets fold or we can right click and create a new folder.
But up here in the hierarchy there is no folder option here in the hierarchy what we need to do is create
an empty and an empty as just a location without any geometry is just an empty object.
So I'm going to create an empty and it automatically puts it over here in the center of my viewport.
But what I want it to be is in the center of the scene so I'm just going to type 0 0 0 for the x y and
z over here in the position and I'll change the name of this to the lights.
Now we go now I can take these lights in the scene and drag them into that empty game object and what
that does is it pretty much creates a type of folder right.
That we can use to organize our scene up here.
I've got a table lamp.
I've got couch I've got player in table all of these here.
I could create a group called furniture.
Why don't I do that.
I'll create an empty I'll put it in the center of the grid 0 0 0 I'll call this furniture and I'll drag
the couch coffee table in table table lamp into that group.
There we go.
So now we have a group for our furniture.
We've also got a group here with walls.
I can also put that floor in that group as well I just call it walls ceiling floor I guess I can do
that.
Walls ceiling floor.
And here we go.
Clean that up a bit.
So now we've got the hierarchy cleaned up.
We have a pretty good clean assets folder down here that's good too.
One thing I don't like is these big gizmos in my viewport the camera and the lights.
I want to see them sometimes but not all the time.
So I can come up here to the gizmos and for the 3-D icons you can turn these off and it will make them
small or you can drag the slider all the way down and it will just take them all the way out of this
scene.
So now you can have a scene without all that clutter.
Now I do think it may be a little bit too dark I'm going to bring the ambient intensity back up just
a little bit so we can see what's going on in the room here as we work.
Put that at point 7:5 as well.
There we go.
All right.
So we've gone a long way to organizing our scene and setting up some of the lighting so we can see how
things are going to look as we bring them in.
Another thing we can do is add a color correction effect on our camera.
See how that helps.
Let's come over here.
Back to the camera and I'll go into the standard assets effects image effects and scripts.
Let's come over here to one of these color corrections let me drag this slider right here so we can
see the full names.
We've got curves.
Look up and ramp Let's try curves.
I'm just going to select this camera come over here to the inspector.
So let me drag in this color correction curves here and click and drag right over here into the inspector
and it doesn't look like a whole lot has happened here.
But if we hit the play button look at the difference now it really has a lot more saturation to it really
brings it alive I think.
Now this may be too much.
We can always adjust this a bit but as we begin setting up our materials and everything.
I think this is going to help us get a sense of how it's going to look.
So I'll hit the play button again to turn that off and we can take the saturation up and down here in
the color correction component.
Currently it's at 1.
So I think that's going to help us as we set up our scene as well to kind of begin to get a sense of
what the final look is going to be.